User Licenses Agreement

This end user licenses agreement ("agreement") constitutes licensee ("you") and the Application ("product") the legal agreement between the developers.

By downloading, installing, or keeping it for more than seven days, you agree to be bound by this agreement. If you do not agree these items and conditions, you are not allowed to download, use this product, or you should immediately remove this product.

1.Software Permission

1.1 Product developers authorize the user non-exclusive license during the term of your agreement and limited rights for noncommercial downloading, installing and using this product. You can archive or backup purposes to make one copy of the product in the form of the object code.

1.2 Without the prior written consent of product developers, you may not in any way transfer or abalienate product or this agreement, and/or any rights or obligations under this agreement.

1.3 All rights not expressly granted are reserved rights.

2. Tort Claim

For any claims based on or occur due to the following, regardless of the Application, its affiliates, subsidiaries or licensed person without any responsibility:

2.1 Any intentional or negligent behavior of economic agents other than product developer;

2.2 Operating and Using with the products which is not specified by the the Application of any equipment, device or combination are irresponsible;

2.3 Alteration or modification of any product.

3. Limited Warranty

The Application does not represent or warrant that the products will be operated uninterruptedly or error-free. Especially in the case are as follows:

3.1 Taking the alteration or modification to the product without the prior written approval of the Application.

3.2 the Application is interfered by hardware and software environment or artificial operation.

4. Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability.

4.1 Except as expressly provided in this agreement, regardless of the Application, its affiliates, subsidiaries or licensing per capita does not make any warranties (express or implied), including warranties of merchantability and any implied warranty which is suitable for a particular purpose. the Application, its affiliates, subsidiaries and licensors expressly waives all warranties not stated in this agreement. Any implied warranty may be subject to the law, limited to the maximum extent permitted by law the provisions contained in this agreement.

4.2 The maximum extent permitted by law, for any damage or loss caused, and regardless of the claim or action is based on how, the Application, its affiliates, subsidiaries and license does not assume responsibility for per capita.

5. Users Judgments

The function of the Application will cause your devices in a running program, function or file is stopped, remove or uninstall.

Before you can use the Application, you should read the related feature descriptions and tips, and judge for themselves whether the product meets your purposes and needs, and security of related functions. Once you have installed this product and/or operate the related actions, and you promise to take the relevant responsibility.

You can choose junk files and phone boost to clean the stubborn waste and accelerate cell phone in the Application, you can also select software management software to manage the phone. When you agree to take the initiative to open the above function, in order to provide a better user experience, you agree to grant the Application exposed methods currently in force to get Android system administrator permission for trash and software management, and so on. If your mobile devices get Android system administrator rights, you agree to the Application temporarily calling the permissions granted on the implementation functions. Once the implementation of the relevant action, you take the relevant responsibility. In order to better protect user safety, the Application temporarily only apply or transfer temporarily by calling the Android user administrator privileges when user agrees and opens the function, and other third party software not authorized such permissions.

6. General Terms and Conditions

6.1 This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between your and the Application on matters of this agreement is, and supersedes all previous and contemporaneous written and oral statements, proposals, negotiations and communications, which is included but not limited to any terms and conditions of the order.

6.2 The Application may assign this agreement or any rights or obligations under it, as well as the occurrence of any cause of action under this agreement to any third party without the necessity or obligation to inform you. Either in terms of any waiver or failure to exercise any right under this agreement shall not operate as a waiver of any other right under this agreement. Any provision of this agreement that is invalid or unenforceable shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provisions, and the remaining provisions shall be deemed to continue in full force.

6.3 The Application conditions beyond its reasonable control, includes but not limited to, acts of God, war, riot, terrorism, embargoes, acts of civil or military authorities, fire, flood or accident, and the Application will not take any responsibility if the Application fails to perform its obligations under this agreement. You agree that the Application has the right to obtain by other means available to them of all legal and equitable remedies to protect itself and its licensor's intellectual property rights, proprietary and confidential information, including, but not limited to seek and obtain injunctive relief as well as for you to implement the right to injunctive relief, without the necessity to provide security or other such guarantee.

7. Updates and Links

This agreement may be updated from time to time, you can check out this user agreement at any time. If you have any comments and suggestions about this product, please contact via google.

Privacy Policy of the Application

To respect and protect all use the Application and official website, user communities and other online network services provided by the Internet Corporation about the privacy of individuals. The the Application privacy policy (hereinafter the "privacy policy") provides that: without having first obtained your consent, we will not intentionally disclose content relating to your privacy to any third party, except as noted in this policy.

1. WHAT INFORMATIN WE COLLECT?

1.1. We do not collect personal information. Personal information includes your location information, name, address, email, phone, fax, information stored on your device, and the information used in the applications, services or Web site would identify you or others.

1.2. Non-personal information. When a user is interacting with our application, we may collect non-personally identifiable information associated with the user. Non-personal identity information, include your phone model, the Android version, and other similar information.

1.3. Sessions and available data. "Session and available data" you provide data related to the connection and service information to us when you use an application, service, or Web site, including but not limited to through the use of our applications, services, and Web sites. Sessions and available data include data information relating to connection request, server communication, data sharing, contains networks, quality of service, date, time, location, location. Collection of information as described below, we can also gather session and available data. Please note that session and the available data does not include any personal information, nor does it include the content that you can use an application (such as photos, contacts, schedules, etc), services, or Web site to send or share.

1.4. Login data. When you interact with us, or use the application, services or our Web site, our systems may automatically collect your unique device number of users, IP addresses, type of browser or operating system you use, the date and time ("log data").

1.5. Summary information. "Aggregate information" is our collection of a group or class of service or user data, including user's personally identifiable information has been removed. In other words, how do you use the applications, services, and Web site information may be collected with and combined with the information about how to use the applications, services, and Web site, but personally identifiable information will not be included in the final totals. Trends in aggregate information helps us to understand user needs so that we can better consider new features or tailored applications, services, and Web sites.

2. SECURITY

We do not collect personal information, and we have adopted effective measures to protect the non-personal information, this information will not be accessed and used in the case of unauthorized. Please note that the security measures we take to protect your information is perfect, but not an absolute guarantee that your non-personal information can be avoided to be accessed and used.in the case of unauthorized.

3. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY

We reserve the right at any time by our sole discretion, change, modify or otherwise change this policy right, you can view the latest version of our privacy policy at any time. You must periodically review this policy so that you understand any changes. If you do not agree to any modification of this policy, you can immediately stop using all the applications, services, and Web sites. After the policy changes if you continue to use any application, service, or Web site, it means you accept the modified policy.
